# Smart Scaleout Bots

This is a set of bots attached to an express app with an API built for exiting large crypto positions over time using technical analysis based trading bots. It currently only supports bitmax, bithumbPro and bitmex for testing.

---

### The different bots:

Smart Periodic Sell Bot:

This bot places a sell order of the asset provided at the front of the order book every 0s - 60s. It does this over a period of time that is dictated by how many days you request.

An example of the API call body for this bot would look like:

```
{
days: 5,
amount: 1,
exchangeName: "bitmax",
pairing: "USDT",
asset: "BTC"
}
```

---

Smart Sell:

This bot places keeps an order at the top of the order book at all times with a randomised amount that is generated by the input amount.

An example of the API call body for this bot would look like:

```
{
  asset: "BTC",
  amount: 1,
  exchangeName: "bitmax"
  pairing: "USDT"
}
```

---

Average True Range (ATR) Bot:

the ATR bot uses the average true range to generate a kind of grid bot of sell orders on the desired timeframe.

Example API body:

```
{
  asset: "BTC"
  pairing: "USDT",
  exchangeName: "bitmax",
  timeframe: "15",
  amount: 10
}
```

Opportunity Sell:

Still in development, this bot tries to take advantage of an increasing depth of orderbook to overtly sell into.

Example API body:

```
{
  "asset": "BTC",
  "pairing": "USD",
  "exchangeName": "bitmex",
  "timeframe": "1h",
  "amount": 1,
  "limit": 500,
  "triggerEMAMultiple": 1.25,
  "atrMultiple": 4,
  "msToCancelLimitSell": 1000
}
```

---

## Installation:

1. Clone repo
2. npm i

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
